RFC 137: Document testing philosophy and owners (#788)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/web/index.md

Bring the power of Sourcegraph (e.g. search, code intelligence, campaigns) to all developers everywhere that they interact with code (e.g. command line, editors, web browser, code hosts).

## Contact

- #web channel or @web-team in Slack.

> - [team/web](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/new?labels=team/web) label in GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [team/web](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/new?labels=team/web) label and [@sourcegraph/web](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/teams/web) team on GitHub.
```
